Standing still just before the crossing,
You were about to say something.
With just that, what you're about to say,
Why is it that I already know?
Even though I realize how much I love you,
I can’t bring myself to confirm it.
With just six months until graduation,
The countdown has already begun.
Even if the wind’s speed stays the same,
Just a slight change in direction
can alter everything
Tell me how things
will be different "from now on"
Blueberry & Raspberry –
I never really looked closely.
We seem alike,
yet we’re nothing alike at all.
Blueberry & Raspberry –
that’s what we called each other,
Not quite friends, not quite lovers—
That’s how I wanted us to stay.
The express train rushes past with a roar,
I can’t just turn this into a memory.
How much more do we need
to show each other our hearts
Before we can truly believe?
In my dreams,
it feels like forever will never end.
Even if you smile back at me,
my chest still tightens.
The moment I said "I'm sorry,"
it would all be over.
Blueberry OR Raspberry –
which one should I choose?
Either way, the tears will fall.
Blueberry OR Raspberry –
I just want you to be happy.
Goodbyes, farewells—
none of it reaches us anymore.
This love, between the similar
yet different, is everything to me
Blueberry & Raspberry –
I never really looked closely.
We seem alike,
yet we’re nothing alike at all.
Blueberry & Raspberry –
that’s what we called each other,
Not quite friends, not quite lovers—
That’s how I wanted us to stay.
I love you!